- DARLING: I've been fielding...
...questions recently...
...regarding HRAs:
What are they for?
Do you always need to wear them?
And...
...what's the deal with
the Hedron Resonance, anyway?
I'll...
(GLASS BREAKS)
Fuck!
Despite what you may have heard,
HRAs are not monitoring devices.
We are not tracking your movements...
Or...
...listening to your conversations
while you're wearing them.
We do that regardless of whether or not
you're wearing an HRA.
Think of them as a...
As a... life preserver.
Only instead of water, the thing HRA
protects you from is... um...
...classified.
One day, that classified
not-water might pour in and...
...you'll be glad you've got an HRA
keeping you afloat.
And if you don't have an HRA...
...don't worry.
It'll be... uh...
...quick and painless.
(CHUCKLES)
Kidding.
I'm kidding.
We're making more.
- TRENCH: Impossibly changing labyrinth.
Can ever pass through.
Dimensional Research.
Every measure of security.
- AHTI: Broke.
Contact the janitor
if you need to get through.
- JESSE: Broken?
How many dead ends
can this place have?
We need to find Ahti...